fixed bug when could not parse an decoded xml to json. (#12853)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroDDA/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Trend Micro Deep Discovery Analyzer (Beta)

> - fixed an issue where the *get-report* returns an error when it tries to parse a decoded xml to json. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fixed an issue where the *get-report* returns an error when received non-English chars.
```
